README.md, before:

# Open Infrastructure Map
This is the main repository for [OpenInfraMap](https://openinframap.org).

## Web frontend

The [web frontend](web) contains the Javascript app, built by Webpack and served as static files.

## Web backend

The [web backend](web-backend) serves the [stats pages](https://openinframap.org/stats), as well as some additional non-JS web endpoints. It's an async python web app built using starlette.

## OSM Import & Mapping

The mapping file controls how the OSM subset is imported with
[imposm3](https://imposm.org/docs/imposm3/latest/). It's generated from the files in [mapping](mapping)
by calling `python3 ./mapping/main.py > ./mapping.json`.

Changes to the mapping require a re-import of the OpenStreetMap database, which takes
a while and is currently done very irregularly.

I will generally not make any changes to the mapping files unless I'm ready to run a re-import, so if you'd like some changes made to those, please raise an issue rather than a PR.

## Tile Server

Map tiles are served with [Tegola](https://tegola.io/). There's a YAML-based language
which generates the Tegola config, from the `tegola.yml` and `layers.yml` files:

`python3 ./tegola/generate_tegola_config.py ./tegola/tegola.yml ./tegola/layers.yml > ./tegola/config.toml`

## Services

Imposm runs as a service with the `-expiretiles-dir` option:

	/usr/local/bin/imposm run -config /home/osm/imposm.json -expiretiles-dir /home/osm/imposm-expire

The low-zoom layers are seeded daily with:

	/usr/local/bin/tegola cache seed --bounds="-180,-85.0511,180,85.0511" --min-zoom 2 --max-zoom 6 --overwrite --config /home/osm/styles/tegola/config.toml

Invalidated tiles are removed every minute:

	/usr/bin/python3 /home/osm/styles/tegola/expire.py /home/osm/imposm-expire

Materialised views are updated every 10 minutes with:

	/usr/bin/psql -h 10.43.18.68 osm < /home/osm/styles/refresh_matviews.sql  > /dev/null

Old diff files are removed periodically with:

	/usr/bin/find /home/osm/imposm_diff -type f -mtime +14 -exec rm {} \; > /dev/null

Commit message:

Add dockerfile for imposm3 and mapping generation

README.md, after:

# Open Infrastructure Map
This is the main repository for [OpenInfraMap](https://openinframap.org).

## Web frontend

The [web frontend](web) contains the Javascript app, built by Webpack and served as static files.

## Web backend

The [web backend](web-backend) serves the [stats pages](https://openinframap.org/stats), as well as some additional non-JS web endpoints. It's an async python web app built using starlette.

## OSM Import & Mapping

## Docker

Imposm3 could run as docker container for both importing and updating.  
See dedicated Readme in imposm3 directory.

It expects an up & running postgresql server with a postgis enabled database

Docker images includes all it needs to run services described below.

Create a 10001 GID group that will own every directory mounted in docker for data persistance.
```
groupadd --gid 10001 -r osm_docker
```

## Local run

The mapping file controls how the OSM subset is imported with
[imposm3](https://imposm.org/docs/imposm3/latest/). It's generated from the files in [mapping](mapping)
by calling `python3 ./mapping/main.py > ./mapping.json`.

Changes to the mapping require a re-import of the OpenStreetMap database, which takes
a while and is currently done very irregularly.

I will generally not make any changes to the mapping files unless I'm ready to run a re-import, so if you'd like some changes made to those, please raise an issue rather than a PR.

## Tile Server

Map tiles are served with [Tegola](https://tegola.io/). There's a YAML-based language
which generates the Tegola config, from the `tegola.yml` and `layers.yml` files:

`python3 ./tegola/generate_tegola_config.py ./tegola/tegola.yml ./tegola/layers.yml > ./tegola/config.toml`

### Services

Imposm runs as a service with the `-expiretiles-dir` option:

	/usr/local/bin/imposm run -config /home/osm/imposm.json -expiretiles-dir /home/osm/imposm-expire

The low-zoom layers are seeded daily with:

	/usr/local/bin/tegola cache seed --bounds="-180,-85.0511,180,85.0511" --min-zoom 2 --max-zoom 6 --overwrite --config /home/osm/styles/tegola/config.toml

Invalidated tiles are removed every minute:

	/usr/bin/python3 /home/osm/styles/tegola/expire.py /home/osm/imposm-expire

Materialised views are updated every 10 minutes with:

	/usr/bin/psql -h 10.43.18.68 osm < /home/osm/styles/refresh_matviews.sql  > /dev/null

Old diff files are removed periodically with:

	/usr/bin/find /home/osm/imposm_diff -type f -mtime +14 -exec rm {} \; > /dev/null
